Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/47/index.md

### Audio/Video

- Now WAV file with u-law compression encoding can be played({{bug(851530)}}).

> - [Widevine](https://www.widevine.com/) Content Decryption Module provided by Google Inc. is available via the [Encrypted Media Extensions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Encrypted_Media_Extensions_API) for use with MP4 (only; see {{bug(1257716)}} for EME-with-WebM support) on Windows Vista and later and on macOS enabling migration off Silverlight ({{bug(1265270)}}).

Author: ```suggestion
- [Widevine](https://www.widevine.com/) Content Decryption Module provided by Google Inc. is available via the [Encrypted Media Extensions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Encrypted_Media_Extensions_API) for use with MP4 (only; see {{bug(1257716)}} for EME-with-WebM support) on Windows Vista and later and on Mac OS X enabling migration off Silverlight ({{bug(1265270)}}).
```
